Consolidate duplicate "Access Lens" and "Save" steps into shared snippets across all 13 chart pages (#7020)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/_snippets/save-visualization.md

> - If you accessed Lens from a dashboard, select **Save and return** to save the visualization and add it to that dashboard, or select **Save to library** to add the visualization to the Visualize library and reuse it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you accessed Lens from a dashboard, select **Save and return** to save the visualization and add it to that dashboard, or select **Save to library** to add the visualization to the Visualize library and be able to add it to other dashboards later.
```
